**Project 2: Dashboard**

**Project Overview:**
This project involves the creation of a Financial Analysis Dashboard using Dash and Plotly libraries in Python. The dashboard is designed to provide insights into the financial data of a company, specifically focusing on revenue analysis across different dimensions such as country, region, quarter, and product.

**Project Components:**
Dataset:
The financial dataset, named "Python Dynamic DataSet.xlsx," contains information about sales representatives, their performance, and revenue across various categories such as Smartphones, Laptops, Accessories, and Tablets.

Libraries Used:
The project utilizes several Python libraries, including Dash (for building the web application), Plotly Express (for creating interactive plots), and Pandas (for data manipulation).

Dashboard Features:
The dashboard consists of a dropdown menu allowing users to select different plots based on their analysis requirements.

Available plot options include:
Countrywise Revenue Histogram
Region Pie Chart
Quarterwise Revenue Bar Chart
Month and Revenue Line Plot
Revenue Scatter Plot

**How to Run:**
1. Upload the python dataset file.

2. Create a new file and rename it to app.py. Double click on the app.py file and paste the code at the last cell of the dashboard file

3. Run first 3 codes one by one.
[! pip install streamlit -q
!wget -q -O - ipv4.icanhazip.com
! streamlit run app.py & npx localtunnel --port 8501]

4. Click on the URL generated by 3rd cell and enter password generated in 2nd cell.
Dashboard will open on the streamlit app


Source of dataset: Google Sheets Tips and Tricks (https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1fUzbuNqS83FaW87QXkwNUpCjQBK86e9d)
Source of the streamlit code: Youtube (@datascience8186)
